Add PastDatetime and FutureDatetime types (#5720)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/usage/errors.md

    def serializer2(v):
        return v
```

## Invalid annotated type {#invalid_annotated_type}

> This error is raised when annotation cannot annotated the type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is raised when an annotation cannot annotate a type.
```
